For the purpose of our analysis, we decided to track the share price development of the US microprocessor company AMD listed on the NYSE between April 29, 2019 and April 24, 2020. The choice of this specific period was due to the number of events that can be found in the form of price changes of the stock market quotation. The set includes values for the price of a stock at the open and close of a trading day (open and close), the high and low of the price during a trading day (low and high), the number of shares traded (volume) and the closing price adjusted for corporate decisions (adjusted close).

The reason for choosing this firm is made up of several reasons. Firstly, we found that AMD has recently experienced a meteoric rise due to its commercial success in the processor and graphics microprocessor market. Secondly, because of the partnerships it has developed with companies such as Microsoft and Sony in the development of the next generation of games consoles, with Lenovo, Microsoft and Samsung in the development of new S.O.C. (System on Chip) chips and the various server contracts it has obtained with companies such as Amazon and Google. Lastly, we also chose AMD out of personal considerations, as we both owned or own products made by AMD whose performance we were satisfied with and created a favorable impression of the company.

The purpose of our analysis is to determine the trend AMD's share price is on right now, why it is on that trend, what this phenomenon tells us about the company and most importantly, what the future prospects are for this company. We will take into account the quarterly share performance correlated with the company's management and product launch decisions, as well as extra-economic events that may have influenced them. We will subject the data set to several statistical analyses in order to deduce a result as close as possible to reality, which will be represented in the form of a graph for better understanding and interpretation.



